# Midwifery-Unit
## Capstone Project - The Battle of Neighborhoods (Week 1)
1. Clearly define a problem or an idea of your choice, where you would need to leverage the Foursquare location data to solve or execute. Remember that data science problems always target an audience and are meant to help a group of stakeholders solve a problem, so make sure that you explicitly describe your audience and why they would care about your problem.
## Amsterdam or Brussels: where to implement an Midwifery Unit?
The project is to choose the best city between Amsterdam and Brussels to implement a Midwifery Unit. A midewifery Unit is run by midwives and allows women to give birth in a more natural and comfortable way than in a hospital.  The advantages of giving birth at a midwifery unit include being surrounded by birth professionals where you may feel more relaxed and better able to cope with labour. It also allows the woman to be looked after by a midwife she has got to know during her pregnancy and most of all, studies show that giving birth in a midwifery unit lower the likelihood of having an intervention such as forceps or ventouse than women giving birth in hospital.
However it's a safe place to give birth, the midwifery unit should be implemented close to a hospital in case of complications. Some of these units can be part of a hospital maternity unit, but for this project, we'll consider a unit independent of a hospital.

The aim of this project is to define which of Amsterdam or Brussels is the best city  to implement a Midwifery unit based of the population of these cities. The population is definitely not the only data which should be considered but this project represents the first step of a more detailed study.
The audience targeted involve of course women reaching the age of giving birth, medical staff involved in birth care as midwives, gyneacologist, physiotherapist and doula but as well public health authorities  as a Midwifery Unit could provide better quality care for less cost.

2.  Describe the data that you will be using to solve the problem or execute your idea. Remember that you will need to use the Foursquare location data to solve the problem or execute your idea. You can absolutely use other datasets in combination with the Foursquare location data. So make sure that you provide adequate explanation and discussion, with examples, of the data that you will be using, even if it is only Foursquare location data.
To solve the problem, I'll use data describing the population of Amsterdam and Brussels stored by age. I'll focus on women  between 20 and 40 yerars old.
I'll also use the Foursquare location data to find out the numbers of hospitals located in these cities as a Midwifery Unit should be close to a medical structure.
